README.md, before:

# Agent Roles

The system uses two types of agents:

Contempletiva Agent: The assessment manager that administers Tau-Bench evaluations
- Receives requests specifying which agent to test and what tasks to run
- Sets up the Tau-Bench environment with the specified configuration
- Orchestrates the conversation between the benchmark and the target agent
- Evaluates responses and reports results

Activa Agent: The target agent being tested
- Can be any agent that implements the A2A protocol
- Receives task instructions and responds with tool calls or messages
- Operates without knowledge of being benchmarked

How It Works
1. Send a message to the Contempletiva Agent with:
- The URL of the Activa Agent to test
- The benchmark configuration (domain, task_id, etc.)

2. The Compempletiva Agent:
- Instantiates a Tau-Bench environment
- Forwards user messages to the Activa Agent
- Collects the Activa Agent's responses
- Evaluates performance using Tau-Bench's scoring system
- Returns the results

3. The Activa Agent simply responds to messages using its tools, unaware it's being evaluated.

# Attribution

Barres, V., Dong, H., Ray, S., Si, X., & Narasimhan, K. (2025). *$\tau^2$-Bench: Evaluating Conversational Agents in a Dual-Control Environment*. arXiv preprint arXiv:2506.07982. [https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.07982]
      
Arendt, Hannah. *The Human Condition*. 2nd ed. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1998.   

All other materials not attributed to the above is covered un Creative Commons Attribution 4.0

Commit message:

Update README with configuration and running steps (#19)
Added configuration and running instructions to the README.

README.md, after:

# How it works

The system uses two types of agents:

Contempletiva Agent: The assessment manager that administers Tau-Bench evaluations
- Receives requests specifying which agent to test and what tasks to run
- Sets up the Tau-Bench environment with the specified configuration
- Orchestrates the conversation between the benchmark and the target agent
- Evaluates responses and reports results

Activa Agent: The target agent being tested
- Can be any agent that implements the A2A protocol
- Receives task instructions and responds with tool calls or messages
- Operates without knowledge of being benchmarked

How It Works
1. Send a message to the Contempletiva Agent with:
- The URL of the Activa Agent to test
- The benchmark configuration (domain, task_id, etc.)

2. The Compempletiva Agent:
- Instantiates a Tau-Bench environment
- Forwards user messages to the Activa Agent
- Collects the Activa Agent's responses
- Evaluates performance using Tau-Bench's scoring system
- Returns the results

3. The Activa Agent simply responds to messages using its tools, unaware it's being evaluated.

# Configuring and running

1. Clone locally
   git clone https://github.com/christian-templeton/contempletiva-agent
   
2. Install dependencies
   uv sync

3. add an .env file to the folder you cloned this repository to in step 1, and add you Gemini API key here as below
   GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_actual_api_key_here

4. Run the server
   uv run src/server.py

# Attribution

Barres, V., Dong, H., Ray, S., Si, X., & Narasimhan, K. (2025). *$\tau^2$-Bench: Evaluating Conversational Agents in a Dual-Control Environment*. arXiv preprint arXiv:2506.07982. [https://arxiv.org/abs/2506.07982]
      
Agent names of Contempletiva and Activa are in referece to the book: Arendt, Hannah. *The Human Condition*. 2nd ed. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1998.   

All other materials not attributed to the above is covered un Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
